feat(helm-chart): make charts Openshift compliant (#3415)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs/docs/installation/index.md

* Paste those lines into your `values.yaml` file
  and modify their values in that file.

> ### Installing on Openshift

Reviewer: I think this should be a separate page in the "Configuration" section.

Author: Thank you, I'll move this tonight.

Author: I moved it to [docs/docs/installation/configuration/Openshift.md](https://github.com/smuda/keptn-lifecycle-toolkit/blob/feature/make-chart-openshift-compliant/docs/docs/installation/configuration/Openshift.md)

> To install on Openshift, set the value `global.isOpenshift` to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install on Openshift, set the value `global.isOpenshift` in the `values.yaml` file to true.
```
Need to specify where that value is set -- I think this is correct

> In practice this means that runAsUser and runAsGroup is removed, since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice this means that `runAsUser` and `runAsGroup` are removed, since
```

> Openshift set those automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Openshift sets those automatically.
```

> Setting `global.isOpenshift` can be done when running helm installation command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the `global.isOpenshift` parameter when running the `helm install` command:
```

```shell
helm install keptn keptn --set global.isOpenshift=true
```

> or by including it in your values.yaml:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you can define it in your `values.yaml` file:
```
